# Chapter-2 Notes

    1. What is NPM ?

       NPM is a node packaged manager, it means it is basically used for managing our packages.
       
    💡 Why we use NPM ?

       Because our React app is powered by lot of packages,suppose if we have to minify, for bundling up  
       things to remove console.log, for image optimisation in our app or we have to do cacheing for that we
       need lot of helper/packages and those helper packages comes inside npm. 
---
    2. What is Parcel/Webpack ?

       Parcel/Webpack, these are the bundlers. Bundler is a tool which takes our source code and assests and combine them into a single bundle that can be loaded by a web browser. The purpose of a bundler is to
       make it easier to build and deploy web applications by handling tasks such as,

       - Transforming and Optimizing code and assests: For example, a bundler might transpile modern javascript
         code to be compatible with old browsers, or minify CSS and Javascript file to reduce their size.

       - Managing Dependencies: A bundler can help us to manage out packages and libraries that our
         application depends on, and automatically include them in our bundle.

       - Splitting code into smaller chunks: A bundler can split your code into smaller pieces, called "chunks
         "which can be loaded on demand. This can help improve the performance of your application, by allowing
         it to load faster and reducing the amount of code that needs to be downloaded initially.
 ---
    3. What is `.parcel-cache` ?
       
       The cache feature of the bundler is used to stores the results of certain operations in order to speed up
       the build process. When bundler runs, it will check the cached version instead of running the operation again.
       This can significantly speed up the build process, especially for large projects with many dependencies.
---
    4. What is `npx` ?

       npx is a tool that is included with npm, the package manager for JavaScript. It allows you to run npm
       packages that you have installed locally or globally.npx can be used to run executables from local or
       global packages, without the need to install them globally.
---
    5. What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies` ?

       In a package.json file, the dependencies field lists the packages that our project depends on, and that
       are required to run in production.

       The devDependencies field, on the other hand, lists the packages that are only needed for development,
       such as linters, testing libraries, and build tools. These packages are not required to run the app in
       production, and will not be included in the production build.
---
    6. What is Tree Shaking?

       Tree shaking is a term used in the context of JavaScript bundlers and transpilers, such as Webpack or
       Parcel, to describe the process of removing unused code from our final bundle. This can help reduce the
       size of our application and improve its performance.
---
    7. What is Hot Module Replacement?
   
       Hot Module Replacement (HMR) is a feature that allows us to update our application's code while it is
       running, without having to refresh the page or stop the server. It works by intercepting changes to our
       application's modules, and replacing the changed modules on the fly.
---
    8. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.

       1. Hot Module Replacement (HMR).
       2. Minification.
       3. Code spilliting.
       4. Image Optimisation.
       5. Cacheing in application.
       6. Bundling.

       1. Minification:
       In the context of JavaScript bundlers, minification is the process of reducing the size of our code by
       removing unnecessary characters and optimizing the code to make it as small as possible. This can
       include things like removing white space, comments, and shortening variable names to single letters.

       2. Code spilliting:
       Code splitting is often used in JavaScript bundlers like Parcel to improve the performance of large
       applications by dividing the code into smaller chunks that can be loaded as needed. It can also help to
       reduce the initial load time of an application by only loading the code that is required for the initial
       view.

       3. Bundling:
       Bundling is the process of combining multiple files, such as JavaScript and CSS files, into a single
       file or group of files. This is often done to improve the performance of a web application by reducing
       the number of HTTP requests that the client needs to make to the server.
---
    9. What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?

       .gitignore is a file that is used to specify patterns for files that should be ignored by Git,

       Folders generated by package managers, such as npm’s node_modules folder. This is a folder used for
       saving and tracking the dependencies for each package you install locally.
       Files that contain sensitive data and personal information. Some examples of such files are files with
       your credentials (username and password) and files with environment variables like .env files (.env
       files contain API keys that need to remain secure and private).
       Runtime files, such as .log files. They provide information on the Operating System’s usage activities
       and errors, as well as a history of events that have taken place within the OS.

       It is not recommended to add files that are necessary for your application to run, or that are tracked
       by Git, to your .gitignore file. These files should be committed to your repository, so that they can be
       shared with other developers and deployed to production environments.
---
    10. Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?

        We should not modify package-lock.json because it is a generated file that is used to lock the versions
        of the packages in our project's dependencies and devDependencies to a specific version.
---
    11. What is `node_modules` ?

        The node_modules directory can contain many subdirectories, one for each package that is installed.
        These subdirectories contain the package's code, as well as any dependencies that the package has.
        It is just like a database for our npm. It has many helper functions.
---
    12. What is the `dist` folder?

        It is typically the directory where the final, production-ready version of a web application is built.

        It usually contained the final, minified and optimised version of the application's code, as well as
        any assests such as images and fonts that are needed for the application to run.
        The contents of the 'dist' directory are usually what is deployed to a web server in order to make
        application available to users.
---
    13. What is 'Browserlist'?
   
        Browserlist is a thing which makes our code compatible for a lot of browsers.
---